docs(nuxt): Add Nuxt docs for manual setup (#10981)
getsentry/sentry-docs: platform-includes/getting-started-config/javascript.nuxt.mdx

```javascript {filename:nuxt.config.ts}
export default defineNuxtConfig({
  modules: ["@sentry/nuxt/module"]
});
```

Adding this module enables the Sentry SDK in your Nuxt application. The Sentry Nuxt Module will then automatically look for the Sentry configuration files and initialize the SDK accordingly.

### Client-side Setup

Add a `sentry.client.config.(js|ts)` file to the root of your project (this is probably the same level as the `package.json`). In this file, import and initialize Sentry, specifying any SDK options for the client:

<SignInNote />

```javascript {filename:sentry.client.config.(js|ts)}
import * as Sentry from '@sentry/nuxt';

Sentry.init({
  dsn: "___PUBLIC_DSN___",

  // We recommend adjusting this value in production, or using tracesSampler
  // for finer control
  tracesSampleRate: 1.0
});
```

### Server-side Setup

1. Add an `instrument.server.mjs` file to your `public` folder. In this file, import and initialize Sentry, specifying any SDK options for the server:

<SignInNote />

```javascript {filename:public/instrument.server.mjs}
import * as Sentry from '@sentry/nuxt';

Sentry.init({
    dsn: "___PUBLIC_DSN___"
});
```

> 2. Add an import flag to the `NODE_OPTIONS` of your `nuxt preview` in `package.json`, so the file loads before any
> other imports:

Reviewer: m: I'd probably word this a bit differently because it's not just about their preview command but also where people actually deploy their app. 

Something along the lines of
```suggestion
2. Add an `--import` flag to the `NODE_OPTIONS` environment variable wherever you run your application. For example, for local previews, adjust your `package.json` script:
```

+ below the code snippet we could add a sentence like

"Make sure to also add this environment variable in your deployment environment, for example on Vercel or Netlify"
